first for 1.5 liters of water into a pan
and turn the heat to high once the water
has boiled get one pack of clear spring
brown rice Bhutan noodles and add the
whole pack into the pan stir and leave
to boil for nine minutes cut the ginger
into thin slices then into fine smaller
pieces
ginger is great for any Asian stir-fry
cut the route of the red onion and peel
off the skin cut the other tip off and
then into half then Lee slice the onion
while keeping his length you can also
use ordering white onion but red onion
brings out the beautiful colour of the
final dish
cut the carrots into slices then into
thinner strips the size of the vegetable
can be adjusted according to your
preference cut the cabbage into two we
will only use one half cut diagonally
from the leafy part to the root you can
choose to keep or remove the hard part
of the root the cabbage will shrink to
half of its current size so don't be
afraid to add planting heat the wok with
strong flame get a bottle of clear
spring toasted sesame oil and add
roughly two tablespoons into the pan
first add the ginger
then the red onions and continue to stir
add the carrots and finally the cabbage
stir and mix well
leave on low heat with the lid on to
steam the vegetables for a few minutes
when the udon noodles are ready drain it
with a sieve wash it on the cold running
water to stop any further cooking and to
remove the excess starch drain once more
and add it to the stir-fry as you can
see the vegetables have shrunk in size
add the udon' noodles and stir well get
a bottle of clear spring teriyaki sauce
shake the bottle well and for plenty
onto the noodles as the noodles will
soak it up continue to stir on a low
heat to prevent burning
get a pack of clearstring susie ginger
pull half or the preferred amount into a
bulb to drain cut into very thin pieces
don't worry about the black pieces they
are the edible shiso leaves which add
this natural pink color the ginger serve
the noodles from a large plate of
sharing get a pack of clear spring green
nori sprinkles
sprinkle a tablespoon worth over the
noodles the combination of the chewiness
of the udon noodles the sweetness of the
teriyaki sauce and the sharpness of the
pickled ginger creates a flavor rich
dish we made this dish using clear
spring brown rice noodle noodles toasted
sesame oil teriyaki sauce green noise
sprinkles and pickled ginger for the
vegetables we use cabbage carrots onion
and ginger you can make this dish using
any of our six noodles in the range
there are three different types of both
doodle and soba noodles for you to enjoy
you